<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\AbrarSyed\Downloads\Marvel DITA project\June2023-DITAXML-Training\temp\pdf\Abrar-Chapter2\Commons?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/temp/pdf/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/?><?path2project ..\..\?><?path2project-uri ../../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN?><?doctype-system topic.dtd?><topic xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" class="- topic/topic " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" id="preface" specializations="@props/deliveryTarget" xtrc="topic:1;3:21" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="title:1;4:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">Preface</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author class="- topic/author " xtrc="author:1;12:25" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Marvel-Run-User%20Guide_Abrar.ditamap">Abrar Ahmed Syed</author></prolog>
    <body class="- topic/body " xtrc="body:1;5:11" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:1;6:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">Welcome to the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal User's Guide. This document is
            designed to provide you with comprehensive information about the Marvel Enterprise
            Portal features for effectively working with your Marvel Monitoring products. Whether
            you are a new user or seeking to enhance your understanding of the portal, this guide
            will serve as a valuable resource.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:2;11:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">To make the most of this guide, it is recommended that users have a basic familiarity
            with performance monitoring concepts. This foundational knowledge will enable you to
            grasp the concepts and functionalities discussed throughout the document, empowering you
            to leverage the full potential of the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:3;15:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">If you are utilizing the Marvel Data Warehouse, it is important to note that familiarity
            with the operating system hosting the warehouse is necessary. Understanding the
            operating system will facilitate a deeper comprehension of the integration between the
            Marvel Monitoring products and the warehouse.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:4;19:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">It is worth emphasizing that this user's guide is tailored for individuals with no prior
            experience using Marvel Monitoring. The document has been structured to provide clear
            and concise explanations, ensuring that users can easily follow along and apply the
            information to their specific monitoring needs.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:5;23:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">By leveraging the insights and instructions outlined in this guide, you will gain a
            comprehensive understanding of the Marvel Enterprise Portal features and how they can be
            effectively utilized in conjunction with your Marvel Monitoring products. We encourage
            you to explore the various sections of this document, acquaint yourself with the
            portal's capabilities, and harness its power to enhance your performance monitoring
            processes.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:6;29:12" xtrf="file:/C:/Users/AbrarSyed/Downloads/Marvel%20DITA%20project/June2023-DITAXML-Training/Abrar-Chapter2/Commons/TO_preface.dita">Thank you for choosing the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal User's Guide. We are
            confident that it will equip you with the necessary knowledge and skills to maximize the
            value and potential of your Marvel Monitoring products.</p>
    </body>
</topic>