<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="C_Monitoring_Agents">
    <title>Monitoring Agents</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Marvel Enterprise Monitoring Agents are installed where you have resources you want to
            monitor. The agents and the operating system, subsystem or computer that they are
            running on are referred to as managed systems. The Navigator Physical view shows the
            types of agents installed and running on each managed system.</p>
        <p>Some agents also have subagents. In such instances the agent is the managing agent. For
            example, the WebSphere® MQ Integrator Series agent has MQSI Broker subagents. Subagents
            are displayed in the Navigator below the managing agent and its attribute groups.</p>
        <p><b>MQSI Agent - ::KQIA</b></p>
        <ol id="ol_jkg_132_vxb">
            <li>
                <p>MQSI Components</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Product Events</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>MQSI Broker MQSIBroker1::KQIB</p>
                <ol id="ol_rt2_c32_vxb">
                    <li>
                        <p>Broker Events</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Flow Events</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Broker Information</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Broker Statistics</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Execution Group Statistics</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Message Flow Statistics</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Neighbors</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Topics</p>
                    </li>
                </ol>
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>The agent gathers the current values of the attributes (elements) specified in a view.
            Gathered attribute values can also be tested against a threshold and display an event
            indicator when conditions exceed the threshold. Some agents have fewer than 100
            attributes, and many have several hundred. These attribute values are displayed in the
            table and chart views of workspaces at the system, agent, and attribute group level of
            the Navigator Physical view. When an attribute value (or range of values) is specified
            in a situation, as a table threshold, or as a chart or table view filter, Marvel
            Enterprise Portal compares the current value with the value specified and does the
            following:</p>
        <ol id="ol_bvy_h32_vxb">
            <li>
                <p>If the comparison in the situation is met, then the situation is true and event
                    indicators are displayed in the Navigator.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>If the compared value exceeds the threshold specified for the table, the cell is
                    highlighted in red, yellow, or blue.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>If the compared value meets the filter condition, it is included in the chart or
                    table display. </p>
            </li>
        </ol>
    </conbody>
</concept>
