<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="C_New_in_this_release">
    <title>New in this release</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The following enhancements have been made to the Marvel Enterprise Portal for Version
                6.3.<ol id="ol_vkn_522_vxb">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Application Property Installation attribute group</b></p>
                    <p>The Application Property Installation attribute group provides information
                        related to the self-describing agent installation process. See
                            “<i>Application Property Installation attributes</i>” on page 428.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>ITM Historical Collection attribute group</b></p>
                    <p>The ITM Historical Collection attribute group provides information about the
                        active historical collections that are exporting data from a location,
                        including the metrics about each historical collection. See “<i>ITM
                            Historical Collection attributes</i>” on page 442.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Historical Export Statistics workspace</b></p>
                    <p>The Historical Export Statistics workspace displays the enterprise and
                        private historical exports to a Warehouse Proxy agent instance performed by
                        a selected managed system. This workspace is available for monitoring
                        servers and monitoring agents. See “<i>Historical Export Statistics
                            workspace</i>” on page 391.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Historical situations</b></p>
                    <p>Historical_Exports_Critical, Historical_Exports_Failure,
                        Historical_Exports_Warning, and Historical_RowsCorrupted help you manage
                        your historical exports. See “<i>All Managed Systems situations</i>” on page
                        263.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Define symbol name/value pairs for physical or logical navigator
                        nodes</b></p>
                    <p>You can now define symbol name/value pairs for physical or logical navigator
                        nodes. You can then create Take Action commands that reference these
                        symbols. See “<i>Navigator item properties</i>” on page 242.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Connect points in plot charts</b></p>
                    <p>The plot points are connected with lines even when gaps in time are present.
                        This feature is only available for plot charts. Use the Always connects
                        points option on the <b>Style</b> tab.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Marvel Enterprise Portal browser support for 32 bit and 64 bit
                            browsers</b></p>
                    <p>The Marvel Enterprise Portal browser client now supports both 32 bit and 64
                        bit Firefox and Internet Explorer browsers on both Windows and Linux
                        platforms. Support for the most current Extended Support Release versions of
                        the Firefox browser is now available. Support for earlier versions of
                        Firefox prior to version 3.6 are no longer supported in the IBM Marvel
                        Monitoring 6.3 release.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Java™ 7 support</b></p>
                    <p>The Marvel Enterprise Portal now uses IBM Java 7 as the default JRE for all
                        deployment modes: desktop, browser, and Java WebStart. Use of IBM Java 5 is
                        no longer supported in the IBM Marvel Monitoring 6.3 release. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Ability to access multiple IBM Tivoli Monitoring domains from a single
                            browser instance</b></p>
                    <p>It is now possible to connect the Marvel Enterprise Portal to multiple IBM
                        Marvel Monitoring domains from a single browser instance. Prior to release
                        6.3, if you needed to manage multiple domains using the Marvel Enterprise
                        Portal, you were required to either launch separate browser instances (one
                        for each domain), or use alternate client deployment modes (such as a
                        desktop client or Java WebStart). Minor changes were also made to the Marvel
                        Enterprise Portal for content improvements. New features and capability
                        enhancements were made to the Marvel Management Services. For more
                        information, see the following publications on the <xref
                            href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/tivihelp/v61r1/topic/com.ibm.itm.doc_6.3/welcome.htm"
                            format="html" scope="external">IBM Marvel Monitoring Information
                            Center</xref>. </p>
                    <ol id="ol_grj_lf2_vxb">
                        <li>
                            <p><i>IBM Marvel Monitoring Administrator's Guide </i></p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><i>IBM Marvel Monitoring Installation and Setup Guide</i></p>
                        </li>
                    </ol>
                </li>
            </ol></p>
        <p></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
