<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="C_design_guidelines">
    <title>Design Guidelines</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Abrar Ahmed Syed</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm><keyword>Workspace design guidelines</keyword><keyword>Plan
                        workspaces</keyword></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_wjf_c1h_xxb">
                <li>Display a view full screen.</li>
                <li>Resize views by dragging the borders.</li>
                <li>Swap location with another view by dragging by its title bar to the new
                    position.</li>
                <li>Workspace link definitions.</li>
                <li>Arrange the order of workspaces in the workspace gallery. This gets saved with
                    all workspaces for a <uicontrol>Navigator</uicontrol> item.</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>Here are some guidelines to plan workspaces:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_spr_h1h_xxb">
                <li>Tailor the content of a workspace to the Navigator level: Workspaces at the top
                    of the hierarchy show summary information; those at lower levels provide more
                    in-depth information.</li>
                <li>Provide summary information at the agent level of the Navigator Physical
                    view.</li>
                <li>Use custom queries that pre-filter the data used in a table or chart to ensure
                    fastest data retrieval and not see extraneous data. And use as few different
                    queries as possible in one workspace.</li>
                <li>Design for a specific monitor resolution. To create in workspace administration
                    mode for multiple users, use 1024 x 768, which is the lowest resolution on which
                    the Tivoli Enterprise Portal can run.</li>
                <li>Do not crowd too much information in one workspace. Instead, have multiple
                    workspaces at one level or links from one workspace to the next.</li>
                <li>For table views with many columns, arrange them so the important ones are
                    visible. Consider removing some columns by pre-filtering (Properties - Query) or
                    post-filtering (Properties - Filters).</li>
                <li>Consider combining tables with charts in a workspace for the most effective
                    style layout.</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
